Enter code:/ Sudo go-code Operator James.
Prerequisite: See Live Free Now. Any hood where people don't pay rent, and we can get creative to deal with that one also, then we gotta get people past this money.
------
Volunteers are the heart of the city.
Outreach - Chicago

We are assisted by full time volunteers who live in community at the Marquard Center. These volunteers spend an entire year working directly with the men and women we serve, including performing various shelter jobs at Franciscan House.

Franciscan House needs community volunteers each night to greet and serve supper to guests, as well as help with daily shelter logistics. If you are interested in volunteering some of your time at Franciscan House, check the Shelter Volunteer page to learn more.

Supporting the Shelter Facilities

We are always in need of soap, deodorant, toothpaste, feminine hygiene products and other personal items. Whether  you save them from a hotel stay or you buy them at the local store, these items are always appreciated. Our case managers provide our guests with vouchers to clothing distributors, so we do not usually accept clothing, except on rare occasions (such as winter coats, gloves, scarves, etc.) You can always check our Wish List to see what items are most needed.

Monetary donations are always appreciated. You may donate online or through phone or email.

Connect with us

    Donate Funds
    Newsletter Sign-Up
    News

-----
3411 W. Diversey Ave., Basement, Chicago, IL 60647 | 773.342.6205 

Anyone interested in volunteering with FreeGeek Chicago must complete our new volunteer orientation (see below). Volunteers typically spend their time:

    Tearing computers apart and learning about their components
    Testing individual computer parts, cards, and peripherals
    Building computers from good componets
    Learning about and installing the GNU/Linux operating system
    Mentoring new volunteers
    Learning about the environmental impact of e-waste
    Having a really good time

<b> Orientation </b>

<b> Other Volunteering </b>

In addition to volunteering on OpenBuild days, FreeGeek is always looking for those who:

    Want to teach a class in our classroom
    Can help pick up donations and volunteers with transportation needs
    Drivers with commericial truck experience for our recycling runs

Check out our /calendar/ for volunteer opportunities or /Contact us/ to learn more.
----
Last updated by Ed Che on Friday, February 20th, 4:42pm
