
Pratik Patel
06/23/2014 1:49am

Consider this.

Gift Economy:
Glimpse of love based World!

The concept  of Gift Economy is gradually coming into this world and we have no other option left  to go so we have to create a Gift Economy.  People in this world trying to make this new way of  living happen by different ways and they identify it as Moneyless World, Gift World, Gift Economy, Love Based Economy, Gift culture, Giftivism, Sharing World, Resource Based Economy, etc.

Consider a world where there is no money.  You have free transportation, education, health, sports, food entertainment. Everything is free free free.
You  go to market and you can have anything you want; you get only best quality and there will be no price tag. You identify your requirement and accordingly you choose or ask to store keeper.  No one is owning that store but everybody by their interest serving on that store. The person on the store keeping is very happy to give your desired stuff/service. Possibly expert and knowledgeable person of that particular product give you information of product and help you to choose product considering your requirement. There is no question of quality as everything here is of possible best quality.  Here everything is mine and everything is yours. People make the useful products and share to others. Main goal is to create well being. If I got something from market or from others I use it and at any time if I find no requirement of it I give it back to society.
We utilize natural resources as per need of society; we create best stuff from it.  What is produced is to be shared equally.
Everybody make different thing and so each one give it to others. I share to you and you share to me. We think of giving because we have no worry to receive that is beauty of this world
We get best houses to live, best cars to drive and all best services.   No locks on the house doors. A society of complete trust.

Our mind body and intellect are made to work. So we can’t stop working. Opposite to it we can’t be in such a condition to be overloaded by work.  So, certainly we need work but balanced work. When we work it is sure there we will get some output of work. And we are always happy to give/share this output to others. 
So, Let us consider that we enjoy the work, we do it for our fun and then output is for fun of giving. If everyone do this to others then everyone will work and give and everyone will receive.  So each kind of work is done and each kind of output is shared so whether we demand or not we get everything we want.

Here you get everything free from society for you. You are gifted without asking or you ask and you are given as a gift. You need not to return anything back. Here the one who gives you is giving for the pleasure of love and wellbeing of individual considering wellbeing of whole society. Here we build the relation of heart. Here there is no competition. Just give for the pleasure of giving and be happy. You give what you have and others give you what they have. Everybody gives to others then there is no necessity for taking or snatching. I give to someone and someone give to someone else and that person may give me something else back to me. It forms network of endless giving so receiving become natural part of it.

Here there is no value of stuff but there is value of requirement of individual. Nothing is compared in terms of value than requirement. Like if someone is hungry then to satisfy his hunger and make him happy is most valuable than any gold jewelry or best car.

Leaving some special people each one have a passion to do something. When we have every resources freely available, a person will try to make something best of his passion. So we make everything best. Here we follow our ambitions in whatever direction we want to go because everything is there for us and everyone is there to support us to whatever we want to do.

I get my all requirement fulfilled easily. Then consider if I find myself in love to grow tress and vegetables. I have access to all places so, I will choose to work in the farm with my own desire. From farm whatever fruit or vegetables are grown are freely available to me. Some other people are also working there. By combine work of all of us a huge output of fruits and vegetables become possible. As all are passionate for this work to give best and here there is nothing to sell so it is sure that we are going to give it to society to individual who require it, freely.  We identify the requirement and set the delivery system or arrange outlet or someone who need it ask us for it, they will be served equally.  With the time I grow in experience and if I can manage a big farm I take responsibility by my willingness and by others cooperation and mutual understanding. It is like working from the position of General Manager in some manufacturing plant.  I make major decisions for that farm based on my l

From comments on: http://risetogether.weebly.com/blog/the-heirship-economy-unlimited-abundance-for-all
