A nice and empowering thing to think about, when you are walkihng around etc, is that all cars will be free.

Unfortunately, Internal Combustion Engine complexity results in wasted energy. At best, only 30% of the energy stored in gasoline is converted to forward motion. The rest is waswted as heat and noise. When the engine is not spinning, there is no torque available. In fact, the engine must turn at several hundred revolutions per minute (RPM) before it can generate enough power to overcome its own internal losses -- that' s why cars idle around 1,000 RPM when at rest.

An internal combusion engine does not develop peak torque until many thousand RPM. Once peak torque is reached, it startsw to drop-off quickly. To overcome this narrow torque range, milti-speed transmissions are employed to create gear ratios that keep the engine spinning where it' s most effective. 

Baller- "There's also a mobile kit thaalows recharging at any electrical outlet, no matter where you are." 

Replace the engine with motor. 
Top Speed: Over 130 mph.
Weight: 2,500 pounds. (Subject to change due o safety regulations).
Range: 250 miles EPA highway
Battery life: Useful battery life in excess of 100,000 miles.
Acceleration: zero to 60 in about 4 seconds.

Electric motors are profoundly simple. The motor converts electricity into mechanical power and also acts as a generator, turning mechanical power into electricity. Compared to the myriad parts in an engine, the Roadster motor has only one moving piece -- the rotor. The spinning rotor eliminates conversion of linear motion to rotational motion and has no mechanical timing issues to overcome.

With an electric motor, instant torque is available at any RPM. The entire rotational force of the motor is available the instant the accelerator is pressed. Peak torque stays constant to nearly 6000 RPM. Only then does it start to slowly roll-off.

The wide torque band, particularly the torque available at low RPM, eliminates the need for gears -- the Roadster has only a single speed gear reduction, one gear ratio from zero to top speed.
